`r\iothub`: Extract `file_upload` and support `identityBased` auth (#15466)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/iothub_file_upload.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "IoT Hub"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_iothub_file_upload"
description: |-

>   Manages a IotHub File Upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Manages File Upload for an IotHub.
```

---

# azurerm_iothub_file_upload

> Manages a IotHub File Upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manages File Upload for an IotHub.
```

  storage_account_name  = azurerm_storage_account.test.name
  container_access_type = "private"
}

resource "azurerm_iothub" "test" {
  name                = "example-iothub"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.test.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.test.location

  sku {
    name     = "S1"
    capacity = "1"
  }

  identity {
    type = "SystemAssigned"
  }
}

resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "test_storage_blob_data_contrib" {
  role_definition_name = "Storage Blob Data Contributor"
  scope                = azurerm_storage_account.test.id
  principal_id         = azurerm_iothub.test.identity[0].principal_id
}

resource "azurerm_iothub_file_upload" "test" {
  iothub_id         = azurerm_iothub.test.id
  container_name    = azurerm_storage_container.test.name
  connection_string = azurerm_storage_account.test.primary_blob_connection_string

  authentication_type = "identityBased"

  depends_on = [
    azurerm_role_assignment.test_storage_blob_data_contrib,
  ]
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `connection_string` - (Required) The connection string for the Azure Storage account to which files are uploaded.

> * `container_name` - (Required) The name of the root container where you upload files. The container need not exist but should be creatable using the connection_string specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `container_name` - (Required) The name of the root container where the files should be uploaded to. The container need not exist but should be creatable using the connection_string specified.
```

* `iothub_id` - (Required) The ID of the IoTHub. Changing this forces a new IotHub File Upload to be created.

---

> * `authentication_type` - (Optional) Type used to authenticate against the storage account. Possible values are `keyBased` and `identityBased`. Defaults to `keyBased`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `authentication_type` - (Optional) The type used to authenticate against the storage account. Possible values are `keyBased` and `identityBased`. Defaults to `keyBased`.
```

> * `default_ttl` - (Optional) The period of time for which a file upload notification message is available to consume before it is expired by the IoT hub, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 48 hours, and evaluates to `PT1H` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `default_ttl` - (Optional) The period of time for which a file upload notification message is available to consume before it expires, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 48 hours. Defaults to `PT1H`.
```

> * `identity_id` - (Optional) ID of the User Managed Identity used to authenticate against the storage account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `identity_id` - (Optional) The ID of the User Managed Identity used to authenticate against the storage account.
```

> -> **NOTE:** `identity_id` can only be specified when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`. It must be one of the `identity_ids` of the Iot Hub. If not specified when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`, System Assigned Managed Identity of the Iot Hub will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** `identity_id` can only be specified when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`. It must be one of the `identity_ids` of the Iot Hub. If `identity_id`is omitted when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`, then the System Assigned Managed Identity of the Iot Hub will be used.
```
Same comment here, does the `azurerm_iothub` resource have the plural property `identity_ids`?

> * `lock_duration` - (Optional) The lock duration for the file upload notifications queue, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 5 and 300 seconds, and evaluates to `PT1M` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `lock_duration` - (Optional) The lock duration for the file upload notifications queue, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 5 and 300 seconds. Defaults to `PT1M`.
```

> * `max_delivery_count` - (Optional) The number of times the IoT hub attempts to deliver a file upload notification message. It evaluates to `10` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `max_delivery_count` - (Optional) The number of times the IoT hub attempts to deliver a file upload notification message. Defaults to `10`.
```

> * `notifications` - (Optional) Used to specify whether file notifications are sent to IoT Hub on upload. It evaluates to false by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `notifications` - (Optional) Specifies whether file notifications are sent to IoT Hub on upload. Defaults to `false`.
```

> * `sas_ttl` - (Optional) The period of time for which the SAS URI generated by IoT Hub for file upload is valid, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 24 hours, and evaluates to `PT1H` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sas_ttl` - (Optional) The period of time for which the SAS URI generated by IoT Hub for file upload is valid, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 24 hours. Defaults to `PT1H`.
```
